(project halted)

== JavaScript InMotion

The designer friendly 2D Canvas animation framework. <b>LIVE DEMO</b> => http://inmotion.jaeh.net  
v0.2.2

<b>What is the idea ?</b>

This will be a JS Library that will have a Tween functionality like the ones seen in Flash for a while.
The main advantage will be the ease of use, make the animation process simple and productive, while maintaining the code customizable.
Several animations may run in parallel, through the handy InMotion.step() method
This library is able to paint on the same canvas along other librarys ('unobtrusive')

<b>Code example</b>

    var im = new InMotion('canvas_id'); // Set a InMotion
    im.register( 'base', 'Some editor exported string here' ); // Bind a model structure to a name 
    im.create_animation('preview', 'base'); // Create a new animation from the registered model
    im.play('preview'); // Set the animation as playing
    
    routine = setInterval('loop_preview()', 30 ); // set a animation routine
    
    function loop_preview(){
      if( im.step(true) ) clearInterval( routine );
    }

== Meta-Data
<b>Progress</b>

Being able to preview animations - 21/10/2010
I decided that I would start by the editor leaving the animation core for when I had the data structure concise. *Done!*


<b>Current</b>

* Animation Preview!
* There is an GUI bone (primitive) editor
* The shape supported now is: 'linear'
* Multiple Key Frames (shading the last bones from the past KF)
* Supporting a image(by url) as 'skin' to the bones
* Being able to move Bones
* Added a primitive bone edition panel
* Keyboard shortcuts
* Exporting the code in the console
* A simple help


<b>Main Todo list</b>

1. Make a simple animation player (scalable)
2. Make each frame have its own duration (a input at each frame)
3. Make it able to import animations  
4. Improve bone edition panel  
5. Import the code in the console  
6. Implement all InMotion core methods  
  


<b>Bugs</b>

1. Bone's skins (images) are loading pretty bad


<b>Support</b>
  
If you are willing to take part on this project, please let me know via email or twitter.


== License

1. You are free to use this library and improve the source, as long as you preserve my credit.
2. You may use this library at any project without my consent. 


fabianosoriani on [gmail[ com